Acadia is building the future of risk management for the derivatives industry. We combine vast data sets, emerging innovations and real-world expertise to move the industry forward.‍

Our business was forged in the aftermath of the 2008 Global Financial Crisis, which exposed the need to replace manual margin call processing with an electronic service. Today, we’re a leading risk management platform for the derivatives industry, enabling over $1 trillion in collateral exchanges daily for over 3,000 firms.
‍
Acadia combines a bulletproof infrastructure with integrated, data-driven risk management, and near real-time reporting of exposure and settlement. We’re committed to providing an open, integrated, and industry-backed risk management platform, utilizing upstream trade capture and shared data to create full front-to-back automation of derivatives trading.

Our success is built upon a firm foundation of technical rigor, with a holistic suite of products and services eliminating fragmented operations and communications, data and process inconsistencies, and costly system upgrades. We help firms to mitigate financial risk and optimize resources across the entire trade life cycle.

But we’re more than just a fintech company – we’re an advocate for the entire derivatives industry, leading and uniting the community.

Standards, automation, and connectivity have created a shift towards data-driven risk management. Firms seek partners who provide access to data in an integrated and intuitive way, reducing complexity, silos, and fragmentation. Our people are shaping the future by pioneering new solutions to these complex challenges.

Acadia’s open-access model brings together top banks, asset managers, market infrastructures and vendors to drive innovation and growth across the derivatives ecosystem.

We’re making a difference by tackling the biggest issues in the industry, with a focus on regulation, automation, and digitization.
‍
At Acadia, we’re building the future of risk management. And we invite you to join us.



Acadia is an LSEG Business within the Post Trade division